feat: updates dfx new template for env files (#2939)
dfinity/sdk: docs/cli-reference/dfx-envars.md

## CANISTER_ID\_{canister.name}

> Use environment variables with the `CANISTER_ID` suffix to reference the canister identifier for each canister in the `dfx.json` file for your project. Hyphens are invalid in environment variables and are replaced by underscores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use environment variables with the `CANISTER_ID` prefix to reference the canister identifier for each canister in the `dfx.json` file for your project. Hyphens are invalid in environment variables and are replaced by underscores.  Lowercase characters are replaced by uppercase characters.
```

> For example, if you have a `linkedup` project that consists of the `linkedup` and `connect-d` canisters, you could use the `LINKEDUP_CANISTER_ID` and `CONNECT_D_CANISTER_ID` environment variables to refer to the canister identifiers—for example `ryjl3-tyaaa-aaaaa-aaaba-cai` and `rrkah-fqaaa-aaaaa-aaaaq-cai`—created for your project.

Reviewer: I guess these changes should be reverted if the new approach is
> using prefix (CANISTER_ID_<name>) for declarations going forward

> For example, if you have a `linkedup` project that consists of the `linkedup` and `connect-d` canisters, you could use the `LINKEDUP_CANISTER_ID` and `CONNECT_D_CANISTER_ID` environment variables to refer to the canister identifiers—for example `ryjl3-tyaaa-aaaaa-aaaba-cai` and `rrkah-fqaaa-aaaaa-aaaaq-cai`—created for your project.

Reviewer: I can't suggest changes, but `CANISTER_ID_LINKEDUP` and `CANISTER_ID_CONNECT_D`
